just these I don't want the others come
on man I slept these all the way here
people waiting you know you don't have
to be so disrespectful you've actually
carried my books here and you are Li
Israel oh we have copies of your latest
work right over there nobody is going to
pay for the right early Israel right now
my months behind in my rent and my cat
is sick it's 4:00 in the afternoon
you don't run I'm hardly drunk my
suggestion to you is you go out there
and you find another way to make a
living
recently found a still a full sine
letter e Fanny Brice one of my favorites
I could give you 75 oh I could give more
for better content it's a bit bland is
all yeah I can definitely get a lot
worth of this one I mean the PS makes it
priceless quite by accident I find
myself in a rather criminal position
what criminal activity could possibly
involve except a crime of fashion force
I'm embellishing literary letters by
prominent writers I love his writing
particularly clever don't you think
caustic wit this was quite something
he's a wonderful I thought so too name
your price
you were looking at one month's rent
what seems to be the problem people are
on alert your name's been put on a list
of a list they're literary treasures one
of the kinds it's my writing you're
impersonating other people
nobody's finally Israel as US there have
been some forgeries going around to
these real looks that way good you're
stealing from me
come on I supposed to be something more
goodness we're probably looking at some
time behind bars what I can't say that I
regret any of my actions in many ways
this has been the best time of my life
[Music]